add prepare resources for explorer (#1486)
vesoft-inc/nebula-docs: docs-2.0/nebula-explorer/workflow/1.prepare-resources.md

# Prepare resources

> You need prepare resources for workflow, including Nebula Graph configuration, HDFS configuration and Nebula Analytics configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must prepare your environment for running a workflow, including Nebula Graph configurations, HDFS configurations, and Nebula Analytics configurations.
```

## Prerequisites

Nebula Analytics {{plato.release}} or later and Dag Controller {{dag.release}} or later have been deployed. For details, see [Deploy dependent services](../../graph-computing/0.deploy-controller-analytics.md).

## Steps

1. At the top of the Explorer page, click **Workflow**.

> 2. Under the **Workflows** tag, click **Configuration**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the **Workflows** tab, click **Configuration**.
```

> 3. Config the following resources:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Configure the following resources:
```

  |Type|Description|
  |:--|:--|

>   |Nebula Graph Configuration| The graph service address that execute the graph query or write the result of the graph computing. The default address is the login address you log in to the Explorer and can not be changed. You can set timeout times for three services.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  |Nebula Graph Configuration| The access address of the graph service that executes a graph query or to which the graph computing result is written. The default address is the login address you log in to the Explorer and can not be changed. You can set timeout periods for three services.|
```

>   |Nebula Graph Configuration| The access address of the graph service that executes a graph query or to which the graph computing result is written. The default address is the login address you log in to the Explorer and can not be changed. You can set timeout periods for three services.|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  |Nebula Graph Configuration| The access address of the graph service that executes a graph query or to which the graph computing result is written. The default address is the address that you use to log into Explorer and can not be changed. You can set timeout periods for three services.|
```

>   |HDFS Configuration| The HDFS address that store the result of the graph query or graph computing. Click **Add** to add a new address, you can set the HDFS name, HDFS path, and HDFS username (optional).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  |HDFS Configuration| The HDFS address that stores the result of the graph query or graph computing. Click **Add** to add a new address, you can set the HDFS name, HDFS path, and HDFS username (optional).
```

>   |Nebula Analytics Configuration| The Nebula Analytics address that perform the graph computing. Click **Add** to add a new address.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  |Nebula Analytics Configuration| The Nebula Analytics address that performs the graph computing. Click **Add** to add a new address.|
```
